docs(dynamic-links): SHA-256 key requirement for android (#9911)
firebase/flutterfire: docs/dynamic-links/receive.md

When users open a Dynamic Link with a deep link to the scheme and host you specify, your app will
start the activity with this intent filter to handle the link.

The next step is to ensure the SHA-256 fingerprint of the signing certificate is registered in the Firebase console

> for the app. You can find more details on how to retrieve your [SHA-256 fingerprint here](https://developers.google.com/android/guides/client-auth?authuser=0&hl=en).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the app. You can find more details on how to retrieve your SHA-256 fingerprint on the
[Authenticating Your Client](https://developers.google.com/android/guides/client-auth) page.
```
